Course Level Assessment Questions

Course Outcome 1 (CO1):
1. Model a simple HTML file to demonstrate the use of different tags. (K3)
2. Create a HTML file to link to different HTML page which contains images, tables,
and also link within a page. (K6)
3. Create a HTML page with different types of frames such as floating frame,
navigation frame & mixed frame. (K6)
4. Analyze CSS by applying the different styles using inline, external & internal
style sheets in a HTML file. (K4)
5. Demonstrate a registration form using HTML. (K3)

Course Outcome 2 (CO2)
1. Create a HTML page to explain the use of various predefined functions in a
string and math object in java script. (K6)
2. Generate the calendar using JavaScript code by getting the year from the user. (K6)
3. Create a HTML registration form and to validate the form using JavaScript code. (K6)
4. Evaluating JavaScript Event Handling for every click of a button to change the
background color of a HTML page. (K5)
5. Create a HTML page to display a new image and text when the mouse comes over
the existing content in the page using JavaScript Event Handling. (K6)
6. Create a HTML page to show online exam using JavaScript. (K6)

Course Outcome 3(CO3):
1. Develop a PHP program to connect to a database and retrieve data from a table and
show the details in a neat format. (K6)

Course Outcome 4 (CO4):
1. Outline a registration form using PHP and do necessary validations. (K4)
2. Compose Electricity bill from user input based on a given tariff using PHP. (K6)

3. Build a PHP code to store name of students in an array and display it using print_r
function. Sort and Display the same using asort & arsort functions. (K6)
4. Build a PHP code to store name of Indian Cricket players in an array and display
the same in HTML table. (K6)

Course Outcome 5 (CO5):
1. Develop Web applications using HTML and PHP and deploy. (K6)
2. Using PHP and MySQL, develop a program to accept book information viz.
Accession number, title, authors, edition and publisher from a web page and store
the information in a database and to search for a book with the title specified by
the user and to display the search results with proper headings. (K6)
3. Develop a web application for Airline Reservation System using any PHP
framework (Laravel, CodeIgniter, Symfony, CakePHP etc.). (K6)
4. Test the application on an Application Server. (K5)